doc/user_stories.md, before:

# User stories
## User 1: Clinician
A user of this tool would be a clinican. They would be able to obtain clinically relevant scores to assess patient motor behaviors. They would use this tool as a more consistent and efficient means to assess motor behavior symptoms. They are familiar with context behind score values and can confirm whether or not it aligns with what they would have expected

## User 2: Database administrator
Another user would be a data collector. They would want to format the data and make sure it has all the necessary components for future training or evaluation. They would want to 









## User 3: UX Designer
Another user would be a UX designer. They would be able to provide updates to the user interface based on users' experience and feedback. They would be able to update documentation that guides the use of the interface and have access to the UI framework. They would be familiar with user experience research and have good user design practices to ensure comfortable use for all possible users.

## User 4: Researchers

## User 5: ML Scientist
Another user would be a data analyst. They would want to be able to choose or import machine learning model of choice. Be able to incorporate feedback to retrain the model based off of clinican input. They would also want to be able to export the model for future use. They would also want to have access to performance metrics of the models that have been trained to decide on which model to move forward with. Data analysts would be very familiar with Python machine learning packages and neural networks, understanding of the dataset, and good software design practices.


>>>>>>> b263f429dfe1818f4e5c9dff607cbcf7f430a440

Commit message:

Make users' names consistent and finish Database administrator story

doc/user_stories.md, after:

# User stories
## User 1: Clinician
A user of this tool would be a clinican. They would be able to obtain clinically relevant scores to assess patient motor behaviors. They would use this tool as a more consistent and efficient means to assess motor behavior symptoms. They are familiar with context behind score values and can confirm whether or not it aligns with what they would have expected

## User 2: Database administrator
Another user would be a database administrator. They would want to format the data and make sure it has all the necessary components for future training or evaluation. They would want to be able to run tests on the data to make sure that it is in the proper format for interpretation. They would be familiar with what the data means and what types of data should be used with this tool.

## User 3: UX Designer
Another user would be a UX designer. They would be able to provide updates to the user interface based on users' experience and feedback. They would be able to update documentation that guides the use of the interface and have access to the UI framework. They would be familiar with user experience research and have good user design practices to ensure comfortable use for all possible users.

## User 4: Researchers

## User 5: ML Scientist
Another user would be a machine learning scientist. They would want to be able to choose or import machine learning model of choice. Be able to incorporate feedback to retrain the model based off of clinican input. They would also want to be able to export the model for future use. They would also want to have access to performance metrics of the models that have been trained to decide on which model to move forward with. Data analysts would be very familiar with Python machine learning packages and neural networks, understanding of the dataset, and good software design practices.
